README.md, before:

# TicTacToe
Coding Kata for BNPPF

## Rules

The rules are described below :

- X always goes first.
- Players cannot play on a played position.
- Players alternate placing X’s and O’s on the board until either:
    - One player has three in a row, horizontally, vertically or diagonally
    - All nine squares are filled.
- If a player is able to draw three X’s or three O’s in a row, that player wins.
- If all nine squares are filled and neither player has three in a row, the game is a draw.

## Dependencies
You will need Java 17 to build the project

## Usage

To start the project we first need to execute: 

> mvn clean install

And then to execute the application:

> java -jar target/tictactoe-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

This will start both the Frontend app and the SpringBoot API

We will have the application running in the url:
http://localhost:8080


## API
Here is the documentation regarding all the API calls that can be done:
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/7003898/2s93m4Y3Nc
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/7003898/2s93m61MPN


## Frontend
The front end is a react application created with Vite.
It is already embedded inside the JAR file, so once runned the application
the frontend is accessible in localhost:8080

Commit message:

- Create the game and play in the frontend - Create build profiles to build with or without the frontend

README.md, after:

# TicTacToe
Coding Kata for BNPPF

## Rules

The rules are described below :

- X always goes first.
- Players cannot play on a played position.
- Players alternate placing X’s and O’s on the board until either:
    - One player has three in a row, horizontally, vertically or diagonally
    - All nine squares are filled.
- If a player is able to draw three X’s or three O’s in a row, that player wins.
- If all nine squares are filled and neither player has three in a row, the game is a draw.

## Dependencies
You will need Java 17 to build the project

## Usage
There are 2 possibilities, building only the API or building
the API with the frontend embedded.

### Building the jar
To build only the API we need to execute:
> ./mvnw clean install

To build the API and the frontend:
> ./mvnw clean install -P frontend


### Starting the application
And then to execute the application:

> java -jar target/tictactoe-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

This will start both the Frontend app and the SpringBoot API

We will have the application running in the url:
http://localhost:8080


## API
Here is the documentation regarding all the API calls that can be done:
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/7003898/2s93m4Y3Nc
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/7003898/2s93m61MPN


## Frontend
The front end is a react application created with Vite.
It is already embedded inside the JAR file, so once runned the application
the frontend is accessible in localhost:8080
